Add utility to parse a duration string (#560)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/time/base/parse-duration/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( str )

>     Parses a duration string such as `1m3s10ms` into an object with `days`,
>     `hours`, `minutes`, `seconds`, and `milliseconds`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Parses a duration string into an object.
    
    A duration string is a string containing a sequence of time units. A time unit is a nonnegative integer followed by a unit identifier. The following unit identifiers are supported:
    
    - d: days
    - h: hours
    - m: minutes
    - s: seconds
    - ms: milliseconds
    
    Duration strings are case insensitive. For example, the string `1M3S10MS` is equivalent to `1m3s10ms`.
    
    If a duration string does not contain a time unit, the respective property is set to 0.
    
    An empty string is considered a valid duration string and is parsed as `0d0h0m0s0ms`.
```

The above lines should be wrapped.

    Parameters
    ----------
    str: string
        Duration string.

    Returns
    -------

>     out: Object
>         Duration object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    out: Object
        Duration object.
        
    out.days: integer
        Number of days.
        
    out.hours: integer
        Number of hours.
        
    out.minutes: integer
        Number of minutes.
        
    out.seconds: integer
        Number of seconds.
        
    out.milliseconds: integer
        Number of milliseconds.
```
